chore: update native dependencies (#230)
capawesome-team/capacitor-mlkit: packages/barcode-scanning/BREAKING.md

## Version 7.x.x

### Variables

> - On Android, the `mlkitBarcodeScanningVersion` variable has been updated to `18.3.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Android, the `mlkitBarcodeScanningVersion` variable has been updated to `17.3.0`.
```
